## 1. What is NPM ?
   NPM is package manager which is used to install javascript packages into our project. 
## 2. What is Parcel/Webpack ? Why do we need it?
   Parcel/webpack is a bundler which is used to minify,compress and clean our code to deploy into the server to serve our users using our web app.
## 3. What is `.parcel-cache`?
   `.parcel-cache` gets generated when we are building the app in the development mode .So, parcel don't have to re-parse and re-analyse everything from the scratch in development mode .
## 4. What is `npx`?
   `npx` stands for Node Package Execute . It is simply an node package runner . It is used for executing the node package without installing it
## 5. what is difference between `dependencies` and `devdependencies`?
   `dependencies` is known for storing the information about packages and its versions need to be used in our project which need to be used in both development and deployment of the project
   `devDependencies` is known for storing the information about packages and its version need to be used in our project which need to be used only in the development of the project 

## 6. What is Tree-Shaking?
   `Tree-Shaking` is the process of removing  the unused code in the project . It is important process for making our app production with clean structure and minimal code
   It relies on import and export statements between the javascript files and modues to figure out unused code and remove it.
   Modern web bundlers remove the dead code automatcially when all the javascript files are bundled into a songle file
## 7. what is Hot Module Replacement?
   Hot Module Replacement(HMR) is a feature which enables the user to see code changes in browser without refreshing it.Allowing you to preserve state in the application
## 8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words
   1. Dev server.
   2. Hot reloading.
   3. Development target
   4. Lazy mode
   5. Caching
   6. HTTPS
   7. File Watcher
   8. Code Splitting
   9. Tree Shaking
   10. Consistent Hashing algorithm
   11. Hot Module Replacemt (HMR)
## 9. What is `.gitignore`?What should we add and not add into it ?
   `.gitignore` is a file that tells the git which file and folder need to be ignored in project . a local `.gitignore` can be created in the root of the project . 
   We should add filename which can be regenerated by the server like node_modules, .parcel-cache, dist.
   We should not add files which cannot be generated by the server our own code, package-lock.json, package.json
## 10. What is difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json` ? 
   `package.json` is a file which holds the information about our project , scripts to run , list of dependencies required by the project , metadata about the packages and its version number. It created by running the command `npm init`
   
   `package-lcok.json` is a file that is created when a package is installed. It records the exact version number of a dependency ,including its sub-dependencies including their version number and locks it
## 11. Why should i not modify `package-lock.json` ? 
   `package-lock.json` should not be modified because it used to track the tree of dependencies (including dependencies of dependencies) and also its version.So any change in the dependencies properties it will affect the server and crash it.
## 12. What is `node_modules` ? Is it good idea to push into github ? 
   `node_modules` is a folder which is generated automatically when we install any node package. It is contains all the external modules or package which is required by our .
   NO, it is not a good idea to push into github because this folder can be reproduced by the server when we deploy our project and also it has large quantitties of files and folders which lot of space .
## 13. What is `dist` folder?
   the `dist` folder contains the output of parcel which is served to the web server . 
   It will bundle all files into a js file
## 14. What is `browserlists`?
   Browserslist can specify the versions of the browser in whcih our app will run . It provides a configuration for specifying the browser ranges. It is used ny autoPrefixer,babel,postCSS,ESLint.
## 15. Read about different bundlers : vite, webpack, parcel
   `VITE` - it is a development tool that comes with a dev server and is used in modern web applications, It offers faster and smooth workflow in terms of development 
          - It has web server which serves the source files over native ES modules with built-in feature and Fast Hot Mpdule Replacement(HMR) for updating files during the execution of the application.when changes are made to the source code only those code gets changed without the need o reload the entire application
          - A build command which enables us to bundle our application with rollup and offers optimized code for the production
   `Webpack` - It is a module bundler and also comes with dev server and task runner.The  bundling process begins from user-defined entries .Entries are themselves modules and can point to other modules using import statement.
             - When you bundle a project using webpack ,it traverse through the imports, constructing a dependency graph of the project and then generates the output based on the configuration 
   `parceljs` - It is a module bundler and comes in with lot of built-in tools like dev server, image compress, minifier. It is a zero config tool for buldng web application
              - It is a simple json based config format that uses globs to match your source files to build pipelines 
## 16. Read about caret(^) anfd tilde(~)
   (^) caret - compatible with version, i.e. only accepts new minor and patch versions.
   (~) tilde - approximately equivalent to version, i.e. only accept new patch versions.
## 17. Read about script types in html (MDN Docs)
   This attribute indicates the type of script presented .This attribute is not by default 
    # module - This value causes the code to be treated as javascript modules
    #importmap - This value indicates that bod of the element contains an import map which is a json map used by the developers to control how browser resolve the module specifiers